Aim walks in the room swinging the blood of his enemies off his katana blade. Ian stares at aim in his deep blue eyes. 
“Hey marine, you gettin’ tactical around these parts?” Aim asked. 
Ian lets out a shallow sigh, “Without your sick bass riffs, I can’t get super tactical my commander.” 
Aim raises his eyebrows and looks at Ian seductively “Commander you say?” 
(Knock Knock) “Ian, I’m home from being a combat medic *dab*” screamed Alex! 
 Ian started to panic; “Oh no, what if my commander finds out about… Alex?!” 
Aim looks toward the door and asks: “Who is at the door and wanting to talk to my little marine?” 
Ian walks to the door opening up to an eye-level Alex sucking on a lollipop; Alex playfully puts the lollipop in Ian's mouth. 
Ian couldn't help but double his massive chode, thinking quickly, “Stay here my big combat medic” he quickly whispered. 
“Who the hell is this?” Aim asked, stepping in front of Ian, the faint musk of cheese emanating from his hair. 
“He’s nothing to worry about my big commander” Ian whispers into Aim’s ear. 
Aim looks Alex in the eye stating annoyingly “So why'd you come here, big guy?” walking close enough to Alex so he could feel his cheese breath on his face. 
The smell of that cheese, it instantly shot Alex to know, “Aim!” he screamed stepping up to grab his Small Cock; “I was sure I ran you out of town and away from my lover, you smelly, smelly, shitty, cunty, school shooter ass, bitch fuck.” 
Aim spits at Alex ”You never ran me out of town. After you defeated me the first time I hid in the showers, mastering the blade!” Aim shouted back. 
Alex laughs at a disgruntled Aim proudly stating “Well this time I brought friends.”

			Chapter 2: The Electric Boogaloo 




	*AYAYAYAYA*  Sparky and Mitch Mitch come out from behind of Alex’s opposing sides. “N-NANI?!” Aim exclaimed, his tiny cock shriveling up from the shock. Aim pulls out his katana, shaking in fear from the sheer power emanating from the (isekai) trio. 
Sparky and Michael smirk in unison, exclaiming together “We’ll show you just how much power we have”. 
Aim Smirked, "You fool..." he smiled with an evil smile that's evil but also smelly... "for in the shadows you make CHEESE FRIENDS." Silence fell on the land, as it turns out, Aim’s friends ditched him. 
Aim looks around the room, realizing that his fake friends had abandoned him. A mysterious rumble commences within the enclosure, soon realizing this rumble is coming from within Sparky and Michaels pants. 
“Sorry, indigestion,” they said. 
“W-w-w-w--w-w-w-w--w-wait!” Aim exclaimed. Aim looks Alex directly in the eyes and says “ Looks like the only way to win this, is to use my ultimate power!” 
Alex unbuckles his pants and whips out his massive shimmering cock, Ian drools a little.
Aim stutters “Like fuck you man!” he ran away exposing his big ass, that was big but in a smelly way. Alex saw his opportunity and took the plunge, lunging his cock into Aim’s big, smelly butt. Aim screams in pain, for his virgin asshole, could not handle Alex’s enormous, thick, veiny schlong. Ian looks in fear for he knows what is to come; Michael and Sparky stare menacingly at Ian's frail girl body. ”ey, bb gurl” Mitch Mitch slurred, obviously drunk (From Hennessy Black), Sparky smirked thinking “God I fucking hate that guy” looking at Mikey Wikey.“I fucking hate you Mikey Wikey.” He stated out loud. 
Micheal turns toward sparky menacingly  and says “What did you say you bald cuck?!” 
Sparky grits his teeth “Oh yea I like it when you call me a bald cuck, you fucking alcoholic.”
“HeY, GuYs what's GOINg on?” Aidan came out of the kitchen with some of Bailey’s™. “Cheese bud! Please help! My ass feels like it will be split in two!!” Aim screamed while getting ass raped. Alex covers Aim’s mouth with his hand and says “shhhhhh, you were gonna take my boy toy, so I got to blow up your prostate.” Micheal grabs the bike pump from the corner of the room, Alex removing himself from aims anus, Micheal shoves the pump deep inside his member. “Zoinks! NIGGA!” Spurts aim while cumming sad cum that's sad but smelly like a sad smelly. “Brother!” Vodmo screams, jumping to action. Sparky steps in front of Aidan“not so fast, little dog.”Aidan confused starts Fortnite dancing on the spot. (Dudududu du du dun) Sparky smirks, *Dab emote*, Aidan fucking explods. “VODMOOOOOO,” Aim screams before he POPS LIKE A FUCKING BALOON AND FUCKING DIES.
                                                                              



					Chapter 3:( War is Love
 Ian stands in the corner of the room, confused as fuck on what just happened. Suddenly the door slams open, in walk Jacob and Lily holding a mysterious book. “Lily I'm telling you I could TOTALLLLY use this for rolling papers, haha I’m a stoner!” The two stop in udder shock, seeing the blood and shit (CUM) covered room. Alex, Micheal, and sparky turn towards the two, all simultaneously doing the pillar men poses. All the men chant as one “fresh meat”. Lily turns to Jacob and does a fuckin’ cool dance or somethin’ combining into….. JEFF!  “Jeff?!?! I Thought you were busy doing stuff!” Exclaimed Sparky. Jeff, with his thundering voice, replies “ IM STUFF!” winking at the camera. Suddenly Aims body morphs back together opening his third eye, shooting a bursting wind all around the room, instantly making everyone fall to their feet. Jacob however, took a bong hit, haha, that's it, folks!